Feat/lambda python timeout errors (#1996)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/platforms/python/aws_lambda.mdx

    ...
```

Checkout Sentry's [aws sample apps](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/aws-lambda/python) for detailed examples.

### Enable Timeout Warning
*(New in version 0.16.3)*

Update the sentry initialization to set ```timeout_warning``` to ```true```
```python
sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[AwsLambdaIntegration(timeout_warning=True)]
)
```

> The timeout warning is only sent if the "timeout" in the Lambda Funtion configuration is set to a value greater than 1 sec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timeout warning is sent only if the "timeout" in the Lambda Funtion configuration is set to a value greater than one second.
```

With the AWS Lambda integration enabled, the Python SDK will:

* Automatically report all exceptions from your lambda functions 

> * Issues reports automatically include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Issues reports automatically include:
```

>   * A link to the cloudwatch logs, 

Reviewer: no need for punctuation at the end of these bullets
